Adding `Auth0.AuthenticationApi` package dependency (#148)
auth0/auth0-aspnetcore-authentication: EXAMPLES.md

    }
}
```

# Accessing Auth0.AuthenticationApi features

> `Auth0.AuthenticationApi` package is our standalone Authentication package that supports a wide range of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Auth0.AuthenticationApi` package is our standalone Authentication package that supports a wide range of
```

options for Authentication. We can access these features like below : 

```csharp
/// Register the dependency in the container as below. 
/// Program.cs / Startup.cs
builder.Services.AddAuth0WebAppAuthentication(options =>
{
    options.Domain = "domain";
    options.ClientId = "ClientId";
    options.ClientSecret = "clientSecret";
}).WithAuthenticationApiClient(); 

/// Accessing the Api Client in the controller
public AccountController(IAuthenticationApiClient apiClient)
{
    _apiClient = apiClient;
}

[Authorize]
public async Task LoginWithAuthenticationApi()
{
    await _apiClient.GetTokenAsync(new ClientCredentialsTokenRequest()
    {
        ClientId = "",
        ClientSecret = ""
    }, new CancellationToken());
}
```

# Accessing specific features like CIBA
Although `Auth0.AuthenticationApi` package has a wide range of options for Authentication.
We can access the CIBA feature as below. It aims to make it easy to integrate into an appllication.

```csharp
/// Register the dependency in the container as below. 
/// Program.cs / Startup.cs
builder.Services.AddAuth0WebAppAuthentication(options =>
{

>     options.Domain = "domain";

Reviewer: Isn't this required too? 🤔

    options.ClientId = "ClientId"; // required
    options.ClientSecret = "clientSecret"; // required
}).WithClientInitiatedBackchannelAuthentication();

/// Accessing the Auth0CibaService in the controller
public AccountController(IAuth0CibaService auth0CibaService)
{
    _auth0CibaService = auth0CibaService;
}

public async Task<IActionResult> InitiateLoginWithCiba(string returnUrl = "/")
{
    var response = await _auth0CibaService.InitiateAuthenticationAsync(new CibaInitiationRequest()
    {
        Scope = "openid profile",
        BindingMessage = "BindingMessage",
        LoginHint = new LoginHint()
        {
            Format = "iss_sub",

>             Issuer = "https://dx-sdks-testing.us.auth0.com/",

Reviewer: Do we want to leave this URL here or indicate as follows:

```suggestion
            Issuer = https://domain",     //replace "domain" with your Auth0 domain
```

    }
}
```

> ## Using AuthenticationApiClient within a Controller

Reviewer 2: I think this goes beyond controllers, as we can inject it anywhere, right?

Author: Yes that's right. Will update accordingly.

> We can setup the dependency injection for `Auth0AuthenticationApiClient` using the `WithAuth0AuthenticationApiClient` extension method as below.

Reviewer 2: I would first focus on what this is, and how it **does not** connect with anything in the ASP.NET SDK. Using this happens outside of the context of the ASP.NET SDK, and this needs to be called out clearly.

I would also emphasis on the use-case here, and why one would need access to the AuthenticationApiClient,

In such cases, `Auth0.AuthenticationApi` provides a powerful way to interact with Auth0's Authentication API endpoints.

**Note :** For interactions with the Auth0 API's end-points we leverage the rich support and infrastructure provided by `Auth0.AuthenticationApi` (via `Auth0.AspNetCore.Authentication.AuthenticationApiClient`). There is no implementation in `Auth0.AspNetCore.Authentication` that directly talks to Auth0's API endpoints.

### 9.1. Configuring your application to use Auth0.AuthenticationApi
Your application needs to be configured to use the `Auth0.AuthenticationApi` client. This involves calling `services.WithAuthenticationApiClient()` in your `Startup.cs` or `Program.cs` file with the appropriate options as below.

```csharp
public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services)
{
    services.WithAuthenticationApiClient(options =>
    {
        options.Domain = Configuration["Auth0:Domain"];
        options.ClientId = Configuration["Auth0:ClientId"];

>         options.ClientSecret = Configuration["Auth0:ClientSecret"];

Author: It is built similar to `WithAccessToken()`, just that the example is misleading. I will update it. 
The configuration options are also not required, since it would have already been initialised.
